Our relationship with Jehovah can start when we're young.
For me, it was the example that other set of putting Jehovah first
and the happiness that came as a result,
as well as being in that sort of environment
that really helped me to one reach out
as well as be available for those opportunities.
And once we do give our life to Jehovah,
it's amazing to see the blessings that he has in store for us.
But in order to build that relationship,
we need to read God's Word.
We also need to pray to Him.
The more you get to know Him,
the more appealing things you learn about Him
that makes you not want to lose Him as your friend.
I always knew it was the truth
and that I wanted to serve Jehovah forever,
but I needed to reassure myself of certain aspects.
So I did some research projects with my parents
using their creator book and some items from the Bible Teachbook.
After that, it only became more obvious.
And I was certain that I wanted it
and that I was ready to get baptized.